# Madhouse Wallet End-User License Agreement

## 1. Preamble
1. This Agreement is between you, the end-user, (the “User” or “End-User”, a registered business entity), and The Software Service Provider ("Madhouse Wallet”), whose Website is [www.madhousewallet.com](http://www.madhousewallet.com/). Madhouse Wallet and the User are each referred to herein as a “Party” and together as the “Parties".
2. The purpose of this Agreement is to grant a non-exclusive license to the User, to provide by Madhouse Wallet the code to the User; and to specify the conditions under which Madhouse Wallet authorizes the User to use code. 
3. This Agreement takes effect either at the moment when the User chooses to create a Madhouse Wallet or copies the code used to build Madhouse Wallet. This Agreement, its Addenda, and the Invoice (indicating the name of each code, the types of Licenses purchased, as well as the price) supersede any prior oral or written understandings between the Parties and annul and replace prior oral or written commitments between the Parties on the same subject.
4. For the purpose of providing notice pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, Madhouse Wallet’s address and User’s address are that included in the Invoice.
5. This Agreement is only valid with at least one Addendum. Addenda are an integral part of the Agreement. In this document, the use of the term Agreement refers to the present document and any Addendum.

## 2. License use
1. **Usage.** Madhouse Wallet grants the User a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non sub-licensable license to use the Madhouse Wallet and the codebase, subject to the provisions of this Agreement, and full payment of the fees pursuant to Article 6 of this Agreement.
2. **Users.** It is expressly understood that the “User” in this Agreement is the actual end-user and that references herein to “User” encompass the “User Group” (as defined in the Addenda).
3. **License types.** The scope of the license varies according to the choice of the User. If the Invoice identifies a limitation (such as, but not limited to, brand, project, or Website domain name), the license is limited as set forth therein.
4. **Regular personal and business use.** The license allows the User to use the code in accordance with instructions and functionalities as described in the Associated Documentation, for the specific needs of the User’s commercial activity, particularly for promotional and publicity purposes. “Associated Documentation” refers to the proof of functionalities linked to the code, and enabling its use, as available on Madhouse Wallet’s Website, such as the code’s specimen and/or the minimum systems requirements page.
5. **Procurement.** If you intend to procure a license on behalf of another party (for example, if you are an independent contractor who wants to procure a license to perform a work for a company), the license must be in the name of the end-user, and your use would be governed by a “Third-Party Addendum".
6. **Backup copies.** The User may make backup copies of the code beyond the copies used as expressly authorized herein, solely for the purposes of archiving, and agrees to control and protect them. In case of termination of the Agreement, the User must immediately destroy the code and all copies thereof under the conditions set out in Article 8 of this Agreement.
7. **Additional Usage.** The scope of the licenses listed hereinafter as “License types” in the Addenda are independent from each other, and more than one type of License may be purchased. Any usage not expressed in this Agreement is not permitted unless separately agreed to in writing.

## 3. Limitations
1. Any rights not expressly granted to the User are reserved for Madhouse Wallet. The User is prohibited from any use of the code outside the scope determined by the license under this Agreement. Failure to respect this prohibition constitutes a material breach of this Agreement for which the User shall be held liable, and may result in a claim for damages, and in the termination of this Agreement including but not limited to all support rights and warranties granted herein.
2. By way of example and not limitation, the User is not authorized to:
    1. **Copy:** The User may not share, copy, transfer, market, hire, sub-license, give, lend, distribute, market, or otherwise provide the code to a third party (including, but not limited to any subsidiary, affiliate, franchisee, assignee, agent, customer, client, subcontractor, designer, supplier, independent contractor or freelancer).
    2. **Modify:** The User may not modify, edit, adapt, or subset the code, or create derivative works based on the code. The User is not authorized to modify or amend the digital data characteristics of the code, wholly or partially, including but not limited to the creation of additional weights, styles, or variations, the creation, modification, or removal of existing typefaces, glyphs, metrics, spacing, kerning, or hinting data. The components of the code are provided as a single unit. The User is not authorized to separate the components and install them on different devices.
    3. **Decompile:** The User may neither reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, alter, nore attempt to access the source code of the code. The User’s right to use the code is, in all cases, limited to the executable code, and any attempt to access the source code is prohibited. This limitation is without prejudice to applicable mandatory legal provisions and treaties, particularly relating to interoperability, and solely to the extent that the decompiled data is necessary for inter-operability and has not been provided by Madhouse Wallet, after written request by the User.
    4. **Convert:** The User may not convert the code into another format. Madhouse Wallet has the sole right and authorization to supply the code in different or supplementary formats, at a discretionary fee. Any conversion is the exclusive property of Madhouse Wallet, and the User agrees to be bound by the entirety of the stipulations of this Article 3.
    5. **Embed:** The User may not create a digital file (including, but not limited to PDF files and other formats) in which all or part of the code is embedded in a format that enables its extraction, editing, alteration, enrichment, or modification by the recipient of such a document, in any way whatsoever. This prohibition includes the extraction of vector contours. The User may not transmit a file in which the code is embedded to any third party that could extract the code from such a file.
    6. **Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) embed:** The User may not embed the code into manufactured products (including, but not limited to portable, integrated, onboard equipment and electronic systems, interactive terminals, portable game consoles, smartphones, or tablets), regardless of whether the display of the code springs from an image of the code in vector or bitmap format (such as TIFF or GIF or any other format) or from the code file itself.
    7. **Create letterlike products:** The User may not create alphabet products or devices for the creation of forms of letters (such as but not limited to stamps, decals, tattoos, stencils, adhesive letters, numbers, and house plaques), or any product or derivative product, linked to the form of letters and other glyphs contained in the code (such as symbols, or any other non-alphabetical glyphs).
    8. **Create merchandising products:** The User may not create any merchandising products (such as but not limited to goods for sale, logo design, retail packaging, clothing, textile and apparel, decor, crockery, or point-of-sale display) using the code.
3. By accepting this Agreement, or by downloading, installing, or using the code, the User does not become the owner of the code or of the code file, nor of the rights to the code or the code file. There is no act of “purchase” or “sale” of the code of the code file. The User only acquires authorization to use the code or the code file under the terms and conditions and within limits provided in this Agreement. Madhouse Wallet remains the sole owner of the rights to the code and the code file.

## 4. Duration and territoriality
1. **Duration.** The right to use the code granted within the framework of the Agreement is granted, according to that indicated in the Invoice, for a specified Term ("Term”). Unless otherwise specified, the default term duration is 1 year. The Term is automatically renewed for the same time period unless any Party gives notice in writing 3 months before the end of the initial or any subsequent Term. All uses permitted herein must be discontinued by the Term expiration date, subject to all of the provisions of this Agreement unless new Addenda covering a future time period are granted. If the license is granted for a "Permanent" Duration, such duration is defined as the legal protection period of the code as provided by applicable intellectual property laws, as currently in force, or that which may result from any legislative change.

2. **Territoriality.** The type(s) of license(s) selected by the User, as described in the Addenda, are granted according to that indicated in the Invoice, for a specified geographical location (defined as “Zone”). Unless otherwise specified, the default specified geographical location is the User’s country, as specified in the User’s address in the recitals. 

## 5. Intellectual property
All code used in Madhouse Wallet is considered intellectual property.


## 6. Payment
Pricing assumes that the terms of this Agreement are unchanged. Madhouse Wallet reserves the right to charge supplemental fees for any changes to this Agreement requested by the User.


## 7. Warranties
The Madhouse Wallet has no warranty. The software comes as is. 

## 8. Termination
1. **Termination for non-compliance**
    1. This Agreement is subject to termination by Madhouse Wallet if the User breaches any of the terms and conditions stated herein. Such termination of the Agreement may be effected 30 days after notice has gone unanswered.
    2. Madhouse Wallet may, but is not required to, offer revised conditions of the Agreement on which the User may continue to use the code after curing the breach in an appropriate manner. (For example, if the User fails to respect the Agreement’s “User Group” limitation, Madhouse Wallet may require as a condition of continued use that the User expands the User Group to “unlimited employees” so there will be no need for future oversight on this issue.)
    3. In the event of termination for breach, the User is required to immediately recall documents printed on tangible formats published with the help of the code that have already been distributed. The User may not use up existing stocks not yet distributed before the termination date. No re-publication or reprint is authorized after the termination date.
    4. In addition to any damages the breach may cause Madhouse Wallet, Madhouse Wallet will be entitled to payment by the User of the costs incurred by it to investigate and address the violation, enforce the license, and finalize a settlement, including reasonable bailiffs’, investigators’, and attorneys’ fees.
2. **Consequences common to all types of terminations.** In case of termination of this Agreement, the stipulations of Articles 1, 5, 7, 8, 9, and 11 remain applicable. No fees will be refundable to the User upon termination. As of the date of termination, the User must immediately:
    1. Cease use of the code to publish all documents, withdraw code files from any intangible or digital formats (applications, software, servers, etc.), and disable the display or the use of the code on all types of formats or terminals.
    2. Delete the code and any copies from all servers, computers, devices, and any other space on which the code is stored. The User acknowledges that the retention of the code after termination of the Agreement constitutes a breach for which the User may be subject to legal action.
    3. Recall all digital files and products integrating or making it possible to generate the code. The User must remove all references to the code file and name in code and commented-out code, including that of a website or any digital file and product.
    4. Submit a declaration signed by the User (or an officer of the User) that attests to the compliance with the provisions herein. The cure of a breach or the termination of the Agreement is without prejudice to Madhouse Wallet’s entitlement to damages.

## 9. Assignment
1. This Agreement is concluded by Madhouse Wallet in consideration of the User’s person. The User therefore agrees not to assign, subrogate or transfer this Agreement, in whole or in part, to a third party, without Madhouse Wallet’s prior written consent.
2. This Agreement is concluded by the User regardless of Madhouse Wallet’s person, Madhouse Wallet may assign, subrogate or transfer this Agreement, in whole or in part, to a third party, without the User’s prior written consent.
3. Should the code and/or the Agreement be validly transferred by the User to a third party in application of the law, said transfer shall only be valid and enforceable against Madhouse Wallet on condition that the User informs Madhouse Wallet of the identity and full contact details of the above mentioned third party and that the User provides proof to Madhouse Wallet of the destruction of all copies of the code by the initial User.

## 10. Applicable law and competent jurisdiction
1. The Parties agree that the Agreement is prepared, subject to, and interpreted according to the laws of France and that the exclusive jurisdiction for any disputes shall be the competent courts of Paris.
2. In the event of a potential dispute, the User undertakes to provide notice to Madhouse Wallet, either by email or by registered mail with acknowledgement of receipt, of the issue and to engage in good-faith discussions to reach an amicable solution. In the event of failure to reach an amicable solution, the Parties agree that the dispute shall be heard as set forth above.
3. The User expressly agrees that the United Nations Convention on Agreements for International Sales of Goods is excluded.

## 11. General
1. **Audit.** During the term of this Agreement and one year after its termination, if Madhouse Wallet so requests, the User is required to provide complete and accurate answers to Madhouse Wallet’s questions concerning equipment on which the code is installed and uses to which the code has been put, certified by the User (or an officer of the User). In addition, upon at least twenty days’ advance notice, Madhouse Wallet may, either through its employees or a third party designated by Madhouse Wallet, inspect the User’s records and equipment to verify compliance with the terms of this Agreement. Madhouse Wallet will treat in confidence all information to which it has access in making an inspection, except as may be reasonably necessary to enforce this Agreement.
2. **Non-Waiver.** If the User is not sure that the use it intends to make of the code is authorized, it must contact Madhouse Wallet for verification. To obtain a customization or upgrade of a license, the User must contact Madhouse Wallet for further information. The absence of any specific prohibition in this Agreement may not be interpreted as authorization or as authorized usage under any circumstance. The fact that Madhouse Wallet might not have specified certain limitations in this Agreement, or might not enforce certain violations, shall not be deemed a waiver of any of Madhouse Wallet’s rights; and the User remains required to comply with this Agreement.
3. **Agreement updates.** With the User’s consent, Madhouse Wallet may amend or modify this Agreement, in particular for technical developments that may render obsolete or incomplete any provisions herein. Madhouse Wallet shall inform the User and record the User’s consent to updates as stated in 1.4., or in any other written form.
4. **Digital rights management.** Madhouse Wallet can resort to technical measures to protect the code, or to control its use. The User may not take measures aimed at misappropriating or infringing those technical measures. The User expressly recognizes and accepts that those technical measures may limit or revoke his access and use of the code. The User also agrees to the automatic updating of those technical measures and the associated consequences. It is expressly agreed between the Parties that this specific commitment constitutes an essential and material obligation without which Madhouse Wallet would not enter into this Agreement.
5. **Consequence of the invalidity of a provision.** If one or more provisions of the Agreement are held to be invalid or declared as such according to law, regulations, or following a definitive ruling by a competent court, the Parties agree to replace it with one that is as equivalent as possible in content and economic intent; and the Parties further agree that the remaining provisions shall retain all their force and scope.
6. **Agreement on means of proof.** The data from Madhouse Wallet’s IT tools have evidentiary value between the parties. The User accepts that Madhouse Wallet collects Users’ inbound IP addresses and login data to Madhouse Wallet’s website, in particular for the purposes of monitoring the User’s access, its respect of Madhouse Wallet’s rights, and as proof of any potential violation.
7. **Statute of limitation.** The Parties agree to contractually adjust the statute of limitation for any action that may be brought by either party concerning the validity, the enforceability, and/or the unwritten nature of this Agreement and each of its provisions. The statute of limitation is of 1 year from the conclusion of this Agreement for any action referred to in the previous paragraph.

```EULA V7.022 - 20250114```